1 Internet of Things 

It’s a physical object that connects to the Internet. It can be a fitness tracker, a thermostat, a lock or appliance – even a light bulb.
Imagine shoes that track your heartbeat… and can flag potential health problems. You don’t have to imagine – these “smart” shoes already exist!
The Internet of Things (IoT) describes the network of physical objects—“things”—that are embedded with sensors, software, and other technologies for the purpose of connecting and exchanging data with other devices and systems over the internet. These devices range from ordinary household objects to sophisticated industrial tools. With more than 7 billion connected IoT devices today, experts are expecting this number to grow to 10 billion by 2020 and 22 billion by 2025.

Over the past few years, IoT has become one of the most important technologies of the 21st century. Now that we can connect everyday objects—kitchen appliances, cars, thermostats, baby monitors—to the internet via embedded devices, seamless communication is possible between people, processes, and things.

By means of low-cost computing, the cloud, big data, analytics, and mobile technologies, physical things can share and collect data with minimal human intervention. In this hyperconnected world, digital systems can record, monitor, and adjust each interaction between connected things. The physical world meets the digital world—and they cooperate.


2 smart city:

A smart city uses information and communication technology (ICT) to improve operational efficiency, share information with the public and provide a better quality of government service and citizen welfare.

The main goal of a smart city is to optimise city functions and promote economic growth while also improving the quality of life for citizens by using smart technologies and data analysis. The value lies in how this technology is used rather than simply how much technology is available.

A city’s smartness is determined using a set of characteristics, including:

An infrastructure based around technology
Environmental initiatives
Effective and highly functional public transportation
Confident and progressive city plans
People able to live and work within the city, using its resources

Smart cities are the best example of IOT.


3 tagging endangered species 

We can IOT  to help endangered species and to help them from extinction. IOT for example if we have a irobot it can help to gather data about the specie and then
we can process that data and help that specie from extinction.



4 sat-nav:

sat-nav is the perfect thing of IOT. For example, what’s the first thing you do when you get into your car? For many of us, it’s to connect our smartphone, so we can make calls on the move (and it’s only a matter of time before we use that smartphone to lock and unlock our car). The second thing we might do is to switch on the built-in Sat Nav or begin recording with a dash-cam.

5 consumer internet e.g. price check in supermarket, QR codes:


Consumer Internet services are data services provided by ISPs that connect subscribers to the Internet using either a dial-up connection over a PSTN line or over a broadband connection. Typically, these are flat rate or metered services based on time or data usage.
 Consumer Internet accounts represent the number of active fee-paying individual consumer accounts that can be associated with commercial ISPs. In general these accounts service subscribers who are connecting from home.

The Consumer Internet of Things sector serves a wider variety of tech and applications than you’ll witness in industrial IoT. Examples include smartphones, smart home products, and some wearable devices like smartwatches.

6 GPS:

GPS is invaluable to an IoT or an IoMT device because it can indicate location, altitude, speed, time, and direction. For example, IoMT devices can be used to monitor users’ health conditions, such as body temperature, heart rate, movements, and other medical information. In an emergency, using the interconnected GPS data, an IoMT device can not only alert first responders but also relay critical location data. Similarly, interconnected data can be used by law enforcement and investigators to deep dive into criminal behaviors and physical safety concerns.



7 health monitors:

A smart health monitoring system is being developed using Internet of Things (IoT) technology which is capable of monitoring blood pressure, heart rate, oxygen level, and temperature of a person.

For example:
With the commencement of the COVID-19 pandemic, social distancing and quarantine are becoming essential practices in the world. IoT health monitoring systems prevent frequent visits to doctors and meetings between patients and medical professionals. However, many individuals require regular health monitoring and observation through medical staff. In this proposed work, we have taken advantage of the technology to make patients life easier for earlier diagnosis and treatment


8 CCTV: 
A secure IoT connection enables full communication between smart CCTV devices and operators. Leveraging end-to-end services in both hardware and software, operators can manage and protect their assets efficiently. IoT cameras enable operators to: Monitor who is entering and leaving a building in real-time.


9 drones:
I think drones are very much IoT devices and there’s a lot of overlap in terms of technology and also customers and use cases,” noted Adam Bry, CEO of Skydio, a Redwood City, CA manufacturer of drone hardware and software.

Variously referred to as unmanned aerial vehicles (UAV) or unmanned aircraft systems (UAS), drones are uniquely able to explore and report on locations that may be inaccessible via other means. In an IoT setting, a drone could act as a mobile sensor to gather data and relay it back to a cloud app or some other analytics service.

Drones can also be used as remote inspection devices to help maintain IoT endpoints and other components. For example, a drone can check on the physical condition of tower-based sensors or other IoT-connected gear, thus eliminating the need for potentially dangerous in-person inspections. In some cases, it might be possible to use a drone to effect the necessary maintenance activities or device repairs. At the least, it’s a fast, safe and economical way to keep an eye on critical equipment.


10 ATC and TCAS :
Traffic control Management System and Collision Avoidance System is the best example of IOT
The Traffic Alert and Collision Avoidance System (TCAS), also known as the Airborne Collision Avoidance System (ACAS) is an airborne system designed to increase cockpit awareness of nearby aircraft and service as a last defense against mid-air collisions.

We can use IOT driven drones and IOT driven cars to implement this system. 

11 car trackers: car trackers is example of IOT as it uses GPS as IOT for tracking cars.


12 access to information from remote locations 

Its is the best advantage of the IOT as we can access the data with in few seconds with the help of internet.

13 maintain contact between staff

A good communication is very important for important tasks to complete. IOT and internet help us to maintain this communication between our staff and hence avoid any critical mistake.

14 collaborative working:

IOT and internet help us to work in a team and bring good results.


15 using cloud-based solutions to reduce up-front technology costs 

it save time and reduce the cost for example if we have a surveillance camera we can and connected to the internet (cloud) it can save the cost of extra things.
increase productivity and profitability 

16 using social media for digital marketing

Social media marketing is the future we can connect to the entire world with almost no cost we just need a computer and a social account and world can see our
content

It is an example of cloud , internet and IOT.

17 child tracking: These days we have IOT devices which can track our child activities and hence we can save our children from various problems by taking actions
on time


18 personal data, e.g. location: Social media have personal data of a person but it can be used to search some one locations as well.




Your work as one of the Junior Technicians at OCR Ltd regarding the Artist who wanted to ensure they have the correct software including operating systems and application software in order to set up an e-commerce website to promote their paintings and other artwork has received praise and been signed off.  

Answer 
1 As a Junior technician the first thing I setup Linux operating system as it is an open source. 
2 Then I would use a cloud provider hosting service where I host my application so that my whole company can use my e-commerce website. 
3 I will add security to my website.
4 I will add a payment gateway so my customers can buy things online sitting at home
5 I will have a Management system which can manage my orders and an online logistics system which can be a pivot to my company
  

The work you undertook has been so successful that the artist has returned to OCR Ltd asking for further work and they are relying on you and your team to provide them with guidance.  

Answer: For my team to get guidance I will use Iot and add cameras so they can guide real-time and besides that I will create a system for my team where they 
can get the basic and starting training to start off.

 

The artist wants you and your team to create his website.  He was also going to put on an exhibition, unfortunately, due to Covid restrictions this is not possible due to the numbers of people who would want to attend. He is looking for a possible solution whereby people could attend remotely in order to access the exhibition from their homes via hi website, and he lacks the skills and knowledge. 

Answer:
1 For that I will create a website of his company so people can access it from their home.
2 We will use a medium where the artist can talk to its audience live. for example he can go live on youtube (a cloud vidoe provider)
3 Then we can use any logistic service if the artist wants to sell things
That is how we going to  help the artist

 

You will need to ensure that you liaise with the artist in order to have a clearly defined goal / objective, a deadline for completion and there is obviously a need for a combination of expertise, experience and skills from different people required. 
Answer:
Yes as we work as a team and we will have a deadline for our project an we will complete it on time so the artist can start work as soon as possible.










































0,1
A-Z  convert 0,1

Make a tea:

1 chola jalaoo
2 uss pay pan rakho
3 uss main doodh dalo
4 uss main cheeni aur pati dalo
5 10 minute wait karo
6 chae tayar

alkdhajksnd,.
aslljdnas
lkandlkas
lkansdkl
